very good families how are you today
other than to record the video with a very
soft tone very soft because I'm
hoarse that's why you are indirect and with
less content than necessary okay because
I have almost no voice but I didn't want to
leave you without the gossip same cheer up and
open an asmr channel I think the one I'm
missing hey the other day at the fair many
ladies stopped me and told me that they watched
my live shows and my videos to
sleep I don't know if that
was a compliment or they were trying to tell me something good you know that these days Marta has been completely ridiculous with this whole spectacle that she has put on with the supposed call from Rocío Carrasco through the light phone Pliego I'm not going to go into the subject in depth in this video
because we are going to talk about something else
that has been collateral damage but
basically Marta has
completely ridiculous not only
herself but also Antonio David
who has been defending her and
has put his hand in the fire for what
Marta was saying the thing is that
this has  served to give a home to the
television factory and to
discredit Antonio Abilita and everything
around it again because as this has been
proven
Marta was lying although parts of it
and it seemed true but the
big focus is lying she has assured and
assured and assured that she had spoken
with Rocío Carrasco and that she had an
ace up her sleeve that she has not pulled out
34 days have passed and she has not pulled out in fact
what she has said in the last few hours is
that she is going to take it all because of the
legal issue this is a headlong rush
and a cheap excuse to say
that she has no proof she has
nothing to report nor does she have anything to
sue in fact that I am
arguing whether he is called he is not
called you are accusing us of crimes you
are insulting us there is nothing to
sue there there is nothing to take to
court it is simply an excuse
that she is giving to hold on to the fact that she is not
going to show any proof as if to
say let's see if as the
months go by people will forget and she
is using this save me as a
burning nail to  to say that just like this
everything that Rocío Carrasco has said
from last year until now is
completely true and everything that
Antonio and his entire entourage says is
completely false obviously that is
an absolute fallacy because
one thing has nothing to do with the other I already
said this from the beginning of the documentary
surely to get to the truth you have to
take a little bit of one and a little
bit of the other because in the end everyone
lies we have come to catch
everyone lying both Rocío Carrasco and
Antonia Vi as well as Olga some just as we
have surely caught some from
Rocío Flores here the question is that
none of them tells the truth one hundred percent
none of them one hundred percent each one sweeps
in their own field you have to be objective and when it comes
to analyzing each thing trust the one who
lies less and draw our
own conclusions what happens is that
Sálvame has become like some
kind of feminist association fans of
Rocío Carrasco and that absolutely everything
the goddess says has to be taken to the
altar and absolutely it is not like that and well
all this movement in the end  another day
ended in a rather intense face to face battle
between rosito and marta
lopez marta lopez has been a
survivor companion of olga moreno and in addition
the two have cultivated a beautiful friendship
marta lope has been quite objective on
the subject of the documentary she has given points
in favor to rocio carrasco but she has also
given her negative points this one that i am going
to put is the click where i consider
that everything explodes there are several
heated points of the discussion that we are going to
see in this video but we are going to take
this point as a reference okay i am
going to say calm down
calm down the one from malaga and the being be she is a
friend of yours don't be her they are already equals
i want you all to always be aware of the
lathe to use the cio carrasco her
superiority is noticeable it is noticeable that she
knows that right now in the
television factory she is some kind of boss I do not
understand why I know that in the
sentence that antonio won there was the
television factory it is discovered that there was
an out of court agreement in which
rociíto and fidel agreed to take away all
the  lawsuits and all the compensations
to all the members of the
television factory in exchange for the whole
documentary thing but of course we're a year
later and the
authority of Rocío Carrasco is still imposing itself and
everything she tells her is just like if she
were some kind of divine entity
or something like that that should be
appreciated and respected more than
any other human being and she can
allow herself to address others with
that tone of stipulating you are more
than me even what some points
seem a little vulgar to me and a
little to be respectful here the moves
that Marta López holds
Antonio David responsible for some things that are being
debated on this program such as
the fact that the child goes to
register in Malaga the permission of the
mother that you tell me what permission you
need from the mother of a mother who
wants nothing to do with the children but
well here the case is that they blame Olga
because she is married to Antonio Ávila to
which Marta would respond that the things they
do still do not have  why is it
all Olga's fault so it's true that
being objective I do agree a
little with the way of thinking that
when a person has been married for
so long and sleeping under the
same roof in the same bed always a
little bit in personality yes they have to
appear or at least
they do agree on many things
but well each one in the end has their
opinion and if Marta wants from the
position that the guilty one and the
responsible one Antonio Davis can be
debated it is supposed that with respect
and listening to what I hear you hear
that you don't know three quarters of an
hour ago I corrected myself I've been fighting with the
bug for 20 years with the bug pay attention here
that has mentioned the bug who is the
bug both well I would like to be
treated with respect of
course I respect it because he uses the
term bug when referring not only to
Antonio Davis but also to Olga
when Marta asks for a little respect
when referring to Olga a little more
the collaborators and the
presenter eat it because the presenter on top of that
demands at one point in the program that
Marta apologized to Rocío listen to me, I would
like it if we all
treated each other with respect, that's what I would
like to have been
treated with respect for
what you're saying, call me crazy, but I
think what Marta López is saying
isn't crazy at all,
let's imagine that Rocío takes on the burden of your life,
completely right, that she is now in everything she
's telling of her story from the
documentary until today, that you
were completely right and those people
would have behaved horribly with you, like the
devil himself, maybe, and
maybe if you start resorting to
disqualifications of that level, you'll be
a little on the same level as what you're
saying about them, I don't want you to
misunderstand me, but if we're supposed to be
fighting against a person who,
according to you, is being mistreated, is being insulted,
and such, referring to his wife, the beast is
what he's supposed to be defending,
save me, the feminism that he's supposed to be
supporting, and del Montero, there are many
racist people who are justifying
that Olga is insulted because Olga
would have given statements about how the
children are Carrasco has not paid any of
her children's support and honestly
according to several media outlets this
is not only objective information
but also she will soon have a trial
where they are asking for jail time that she
will not go to jail of course
because she has no prior record because it would be a
very light sentence if she were convicted
but in the end org amore is not telling
her experience from her point of view and
by the way speaking of
Olga's interviews pay attention to this clip what
Javier is saying now with that little mouth and he remains
so calm that he feels like Olga Moreno
on a plate with people that does not
tell the story does not be final with people
who know the story and who can
ask her questions that Olga Moreno feels of
course not that Moreno feels now
without lending to anyone and that
people who know the subject well can ask her questions you
have to have a glass on
Javier you have to have balls when he
puts rice only that they can
ask her questions that they
also see her but at the moment that she has
people who question her how to be  gema
lopez marta lopez or kiko matamoros
eats it with potatoes I would love for
example if she would let me interview
Rocío Carrasco and put on the table
some of the contradictions that I have
tasted from the documentary for example
interviewing Carlota Corredera at the very
least that you literally no
you literally get out of work to
people if you do not dance to her tune and if you do not
put on the level of the table of the ten
commandments everything that Rocío
Carrasco says and on top of that continue making a
joke and a meme of a woman
telling another that she does not have a vagina as if she does
not have to face her this I
want to remember that in the trial it came
up because Rocío Carrasco said something
like that she was about to leave for
Olga careful I also want to remind you
a little bit of some click of how
Jorge addressed Marta López for
having tried to defend
Olga Morey's position on some occasions but it
is very difficult it is very difficult to talk to
a person who responds with
such simple arguments that term but it does not forgive it
is that  I want
this girl who can't be so
ridiculous imagine a presenter looking at
her work but well let's move on it
looks like the part of the fight that is
going to leave us indifferent for no one it's
not that I don't love them but you
can say whatever you want they are
going to say no and they are going to invent
3500 things even if they are seeing it that it is that
no but the fact is that this is what has
happened to me for 20 years this is
where she is going to use the fallacy as
on this occasion she has been able to demonstrate that
Marta Risk had a lie despite
remembering that it is true that
the reading director for some reason
was trying to propose something with
Rocío Carrasco even have a coffee
with her the lie here is that
Rocío Carrasco does not speak directly with
Marta Disco and Marta Areco locked herself in
defending that if
Lucio Carrasco got on the phone with the hands-free and knows how to
show a big lie but with that I
know or Carrasco is going to take it as that
everything everything everything these 20 years everything
that  what others have said is a lie and
she is completely true and I tell you with
issues much more important than with
a miserable story and with nonsense
like this but if with this it would be the one that has been
tied up imagine why I said it
yesterday this with a subject of my children the
subject of my children of your children we do not
question what happened ten
years ago with your daughter what we are saying is
not that it will not happen what we are
saying that that girl was 2 and 15 years old
from the moment a bad adolescence
here a decade goes by and the girl has not
had a similar episode again that I
could forgive her if you wanted and the
other thing that we are saying that with
your son he gives us a valid explanation of
why he does not want contact put it in a
judicial subject or with a subject of papers or
with an issue that when I said I do not know
what will come to me tomorrow I did not know
what would come to me the next day
but it was because of this why
everyone is seeing now and is living
thank God because it can be demonstrated
and why it can be done in real time
that is what I have been living for
20  years Mr. Rocío it seems to me that
because in this house you are right of
course it is proven just as
on other occasions you have been able to
prove it does not mean that you are
absolutely right
what I have said you say on other
occasions you can prove what you have
done part of the bad in everyone
whether you are right on this one not invalid
as on all the other occasions and pay attention to
the answer that Ros gives you what I have
said everything I have said is not on
other occasions you have been able to no what I have
said I have proven what is going on with
the head good thing to have every person stick their
head out it seems that if the
square in my neighborhood so with the
other I say it that she
has proven everything she has said and the truth is
that she has not proven the episode of the
fence she has not proven that they beat her up
yet in Argentona she has not
proven that he insulted her every time he was
going to return the children to her she has not
proven many of the accusations of
infidelity that Antonio Avis has made against her she has
not proven almost 60 70
percent of what she tells in the documentary
literally not being  the most
objective there are things that you do not understand what she
supposedly believes only and purely
because she says it crying she is
literally she has not proven everything there are
things that they simply want to
impose on us that we do not believe her because
a woman crying says it there is no more and that
little tone like that with the head is unnecessary to some
women who are doing their job and she
is giving her opinion with all the right about something
that you have done with her you collect a
million and that gives people the
right to question it to believe it
turn their heads because well there are
things that do not seem to me because
particularly I have seen it they did not
act on me it is their right it is not that
people are telling him no no that because you have
not seen the docushare and as if he
sees the side that I put of purifying they
try the side that is seen as that
purifies you and then he understands
everything because Rocío Guerra says it but
more similar to maybe some evidence
because you say something that is see but
but that is thinking that I do not say that
I demonstrate that to you it may seem
yes or no just as right now there are
people saying that if the images
are not that  yes yes yes yes no no the
same as there are things that he has said
only because of his testimony that I with
these types of issues and with this type
of move that you are doing as you are
seeing in this clip what they do or what they
try to do and surely they will
achieve it with many people we are
talking about an audience that believes this thing
of sálvame is to put people's
heads repeating it so much to see themselves as if they
convert it as if we internalize it
that anyone who has seen the domus
series already takes for granted everything that
those from Carrasco have said always but it has
always been no in plan in some and in
others there will be times that a little bit yes it
will have to be a little bit no no no no that
always internalize the people that
'sálvame' that everything that has been said
is loaded with some occasion is right
and that everything that has been said against I would
say that she has already demonstrated that she does not
want that is the father of the
absurdity of the things that have not
convinced me I prepare it and the own
of things that have not convinced you to me
for example with the subject of the children what I
am telling you  it still seems to me that
propio carrasco was a
person who prioritized her new life with
her new boyfriend over motherhood and
despite that time has passed and she can't
put her daughter in the same place she did
a decade ago because of what happened there are
many parents who have gone through
worse episodes with their children but with the passing of
decades now with the passing of
decades I believe that the same thing can be
fixed and it still seems to me
that with the son she has no excuse
with the son she doesn't provide any
valid argument in fact save me they forbid the
question that's why fed up with lopez who knows
that in the contract there will be a clause
in which she cannot stray from the lane
is not asking her what we are
all thinking
she is talking about different things
the evidence she has brought judicial evidence and
those were cited the evidence they have had
judicial evidence is that she has lost all the
trials or in other words she won things about
custody and she does a
custody thing because antonia vi and she
signed a shared mutual agreement
when antonio wanted to
undo that once we had
reached an agreement with her he couldn't but
he  which are lawsuits for the right to honor
and things against Antonio Avila wins now he
won a lawsuit against
Maciel's honor, I think it was to achieve documentary
mentions another lawsuit that he filed against
Kiko Matamoros and does not say that he lost
it, Rocío Carrasco lost it, the
documentary says that he does put it but does not take into
account that he loses it and like loves,
not all lawsuits have been
lost because every time he has spoken
something he has proven it another thing is for her to
explain herself and Jorge continues to affirm that
every time he has spoken he has been able to
prove it that no, that they are lies and not the
inside and 6 one thing to the people that
is not true, I understand that Marta López is not going to
respond to this because she is risking her
job, even
presenters have left, Rocío Carrasco's dance the water
is that not everything
about the fence has been proven, not everything about
Argentona has been proven, infidelities are not approved,
not insults, picking up the
children either and a lot of things
completely subjective and closed,
even the reports that are
talked about in the documentary that are
simply  the word of one against the
other near situations and you do not
convince yourself but what he speaks what he has
spoken he has prohibited it he has been able to
prove everything
else is
worth even several kids that people
stay with this and attentive now the
embarrassment of Maria Patiño touches me not
loving is here and does not know me I examine me
loving is here I do not know as if she were
a teacher as if this were a
subject you know the ones that
others have to pass a test if they do not
think like them not a single
concrete fact not a document
and their life their their life Mariah calm down you have
already earned the position they
shot you in tourist on May 29,
2021 because you think the
opposite on your own plate on your
own plate where are you now and
bet on life you thought the
opposite but they shot you cited
by ear and you have a good position not
only are you a collaborator of sálvame
but sometimes she presents herself and you
are also a presenter of socialite
therefore you are not going to play bread
calm down you have already earned it and  now
comes a part that really pissed me off
to give you
an idea and play the best you knew him
somewhat dark
so we can tell you in the first
interview he does in the deluxe
we have told him it has been grandfather feathers 6
lies we have told him without a lie
confirmed and confirmed by him
confirmed because he feels like it let's
see it 6 lies he will be able to tell you
my six lies 16 lies fields that have
been absolutely confirmed
that have been absolutely confirmed
let's see what the 622 are then
Malaga the child is in Malaga admitted
and the mother arrives five days later
after her daughter called her several
times Rocío Carrasco has proven with
hotel bills with calls that this
is a lie only with
hotel bills but if this one could be bought
in this one yes I believe that Olga lied I don't know if
consciously or thinking or that she made a
mistake because she didn't remember well
but it is true that Olga and Antonio
lied because they also said that
Rocío  Carrasco arrived
in Malaga after New Year's Eve after coming from El Rocío
and the thing is that Rocío is not celebrated at
Christmas or in winter, Rocío is
always celebrated in the summer and yes, it is
true that Rocío Carrasco showed the
bill from the hotel near the hospital
where they live in Malaga that she was
there since she found out yes, it is
true that she doesn't arrive some day after
the Indian admitted you but at the
moment when things get serious that I
am making objectives and it is true
that later in another episode of the other
admission Rocío Carrasco is the one who lies
and then in Ana Rosa they release some emails
that completely deny what she says I don't
know or face with the documentary but
regarding the admission from Malaga
sincerely based on the bills
and that she tells the truth Rocío Carrasco what I am
telling you some lie about one thing
and others I found out about another or exaggerate with
malice because they do not remember or
whatever but you have to take a little bit
of everything to get to the truth these
people are that already with a lie or  with
several covers the lies of the other
side for example here in what I tell you
Rocío Carrasco lied saying that she does not
speak to the child I do not know that I do not
remember and Ana Rosa' released
an email the next day where it was proven
that Rocío Carrasco was informed at
all times well then already holding on to
this love it is Javier Tebas and that
all the other acquaintances are confirmed
judged lie
exactly that where it is proven
that in the word of one against the
other
but that listens to the interview that
she has always said that she never spoke
badly of Rocío Carrasco to her children she
tells me this and Rocío puerta like in the
documentary her son David when he appears
from the hospital says p he is like my mother so she was
going to come we realized Russian
counts but it is not proven and also
that the child takes and says see how my mother was
indeed going to come does not mean that she
spoke badly of his mother at home she
could perfectly have been
preparing the child if the mother did not come
to children we do not know if the mother is going to come we
will see if well there is that if she is going to
come what city  I hope she comes right now
but if she doesn't come something like that won't happen
and the child says it's as if it's going to
come from her we're taking for
granted and proven something that
isn't true
0 and 1 you left then survivor and
then what was arranged it must have been
pitiful when you went to survivors and you
started asking me now what
she was like with her children because the children
are very well
worth two
sales sales Rocío Carrasco you can
raise the tone as much as you want
give her a goal for the table and whatever it
takes because our empowered goddess
but you
excuse me she said one thing that
just gave you a very impressive slap
now another very impressive that she's
speaking an option Jorge I have done that
let's listen she said to Olga Moreno
what you told her after having seen
what you had seen there that the
experience of what I told Marta is not
that you are making a mistake you are worth the
fund half cancel no this time when I
felt the most sorry do you want me to tell you
when I spoke with your children that is when I feel the
most sorry for the answer that she gives to
the yucatecans a response with a lot of
category shame is the woman of the penis in
my life I do
not sing to you here long live the neighborhood for you
because I do not have a firefighter you read that art
nothing family leave me the video here
because I have no more voice I will be silent
for 24 hours and if tomorrow they
collaborate with you conditions I bring the
following video about johnny depp and see
if it is not that I am completely mute to
much in what you would like I want to
clarify that I have nothing
against Rocío Carrasco and against
no one I simply try to be as
objective as possible and these people pro I
like sincerely I do not like the way they
act put me in the
comment box what you think of
course always with respect and we will see each other
in the next video
[Music]